
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# `rigr`: Regression, Inference, and General Data Analysis Tools for R

**Sorry, but this package is “under development” and is not ready to be
used yet. We will update this note as developments occur.**

# Introduction

`rigr` is a R package designed to facilitate easy adoption of regression
and inference tools in R. `rigr`, formerly known as `uwIntroStats`,
compiles output from existing routines together in an intuitive format,
and adds functionality to existing functions. For instance, the
regression function can perform linear models, generalized linear
models, Cox models, or generalized estimating equations. The user can
also specify multiple-partial F-tests to print out with the model
coefficients. We also give many routines for descriptive statistics and
plotting.

## Installation

You can install `rigr` from github by running:

    install.packages("remotes")
    remotes::install_github("statdivlab/rigr")

or, at least, you will in the future.

`rigr` is maintained by the
[StatDivLab](http://statisticaldiversitylab.com/), but relies on
community support to log issues and implement new featues. Is there a
method you would like to have implemented? Please submit a pull request
or start a
[discussion](https://github.com/statdivlab/rigr/discussions)\!

## Documentation

The best place to start is the
[vignettes](https://adw96.github.io/breakaway/articles/).

## Humans

Maintainer: [Amy Willis](http://statisticaldiversitylab.com)

Authors: [Scott S Emerson](http://www.emersonstatistics.com/), [Andrew J
Spieker](https://www.vumc.org/biostatistics/person/andrew-spieker-phd),
[Brian D Williamson](https://bdwilliamson.github.io/), [Travis Y Hee
Wai](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=WaJn2wIAAAAJ&hl=en), and
Solomon Lim.

## Issues

If you encounter any bugs, please [file an
issue](https://github.com/statdivlab/rigr/issues). Better yet, [submit a
pull request](https://github.com/statdivlab/rigr/pulls)\!

Do you have a question? Please check out the vignettes, then please post
on the [Discussions](https://github.com/statdivlab/rigr/discussions).
